w42d3n

unlabeled

# ERC4626 does not work with fee-on-transfer tokens

## Summary
ERC4626 does not work with fee-on-transfer tokens

## Vulnerability Detail
The ERC4626-Cloned.sol/mint functions do not work well with fee-on-transfer tokens as the assets variable is the pre-fee amount, including the fee, whereas the totalAssets do not include the fee anymore.

## Impact
This can be abused to mint more shares than desired.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-astaria/blob/main/lib/astaria-gpl/src/ERC4626-Cloned.sol#L305-L322


```
 function deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver)
    public
    virtual
    override(IVault)
    returns (uint256 shares)
   {
    // Check for rounding error since we round down in previewDeposit.
    require((shares = previewDeposit(assets)) != 0, "ZERO_SHARES");

    // Need to transfer before minting or ERC777s could reenter.
    ERC20(underlying()).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), assets);

    _mint(receiver, shares);

    emit Deposit(msg.sender, receiver, assets, shares);

    afterDeposit(assets, shares);
  }
```


## Tool used
Visual inspection
Manual Review

## PoC
A deposit(1000) should result in the same assets as two deposits of deposit(500) but it does not because assets is the pre-fee amount.
Assume a fee-on-transfer of 20%. Assume current totalSupply = 1000, totalAssets = 1000 for simplicity.

deposit(1000) = 1000 / totalSupply * totalAssets = 1000 shares
deposit(500) = 500 / totalSupply * totalAssets = 500 shares. 
Now the totalAssets increased by 500 but the totalAssets only increased by (100% - 20%) * 500 = 400. 
Therefore, the second deposit(500) = 500 / (totalSupply + 400) * (newTotalAssets) = 500 / (1400) * 1500 = 535.714285714 assets.
In total, the two deposits lead to 35 more assets than a single deposit of the sum of the deposits.

## Recommendation
assets should be the amount excluding the fee, i.e., the amount the contract actually received.
This can be done by subtracting the pre-contract balance from the post-contract balance.
However, this would create another issue with ERC777 tokens.

Another recommendation is to use the mixin with ERC20 Standard Tokens only by creating a whitelist.