Prefix

unlabeled

# Payments can be frontrun by malicious attacker to repay his loans

## Summary
The bug happens when user performs the payment in two transactions, where first transaction sets the allowance for the contract and second calls one of the `makePayment` functions in the smart contract. Because no verification is done on the `makePayment` call, an attacker can frontrun the second call to repay his own loan.



## Vulnerability Detail
The function `makePayment` can be called with argument of `payer` - the address from which funds should be taken. The `payer` must first approve the payment for the token. This enables following race condition :
1. A payer wants to repay his loan so he calls approve on the token.
2. Another lender notices this and calls `makePayment(uint256 collateralId, uint256 paymentAmount,uint8 position,address payer) ` where `payer` is the payer who approved the funds to be taken with higher miner fee than the real lender's `makePayment` call.
3. The frontrunned payment is executed by the `LienToken.sol`, repaying the attacker's loan.

It should be visible that the `_payment` method does not verify the `payer` in any other place than `TRANSFER_PROXY.tokenTransferFrom(WETH, payer, payee, paymentAmount);`, which is OK if the payer first allowed the funds to `TRANSFER_PROXY`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-astaria/blob/main/src/LienToken.sol#L426-L433

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-astaria/blob/main/src/LienToken.sol#L594-L649

## Impact
An attacker is able to repay his own loans using other user's funds.

## Code Snippet
I was not able to finish POC in time, so I will append it as a comment.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The best possible option in my opinion would be if users were only able to repay loans that they previously whitelisted.