obront

high

# Liens do not reset payee after buyout

## Summary

In the `buyoutLien()` function, many of the `lienData` parameters are updated after the lien is bought out. However, the payee isn't. In an innocent case, this could lead to an old payee being paid out after a lien is purchased. In a malicious case, this can be exploited by a lien owner to steal funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `LienToken.sol:buyoutLien()` function is used for one user to buy a lien from another user (or vault), paying them the discounted future value of the lien and taking ownership of all future payouts.

At the end of the function, many of the data points associated with the lien are updated:

```solidity
lienData[lienId].last = block.timestamp.safeCastTo32();
lienData[lienId].start = block.timestamp.safeCastTo32();
lienData[lienId].rate = ld.rate.safeCastTo240();
lienData[lienId].duration = ld.duration.safeCastTo32();
```

However, `payee` is not updated. `payee` is used to determine who is paid when lien payments are received, so it's a crucial value to have set correctly.

In an innocent case, a user could buy a lien, and payments could continue to go to the old payee, harming the buyer.

In a malicious case, the seller of the lien could backrun the transaction and immediately buy the lien back. Because buyouts are paid to the `payee` their buyout payment would come back to themselves. The result is that they would keep the funds used to buy the lien, but would also have the lien returned to them.

## Impact

Buyers of liens could accidentally not receive payments for the liens they now own, and could also immediately have the lien stolen from them by the seller.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-astaria/blob/main/src/LienToken.sol#L121-L156

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Reset the `payee` to `address(0)` so that the `getPayee()` function will return the new owner.